So we created our action with a payload back in the reducer.
We can now take advantage of this by being clear about the type of our action.
It's no longer of type action from NCR X store.
Instead I want to import everything I export from my shopping list.
Actions fall old store it in a shopping list actions very well basically imports start as we'll bundle
all exports from that file in one javascript object.
So I need to point to the file.
It's the shopping list actions fall without thought.
Ts with that I can say that action will be shopping list actions and their shopping list actions so
shopping list actions here.
That's all the exports from that fall shopping list actions here is actually my own type.
This one.
So that's the part.
After the dot here with debt I can simply check the case by reaching out to my shopping list actions.
So this import here and there.
I'm interested in one specific action the ADD ingredient constant because KS should check a string because
the type will be a string and we stored the string name of that action in this add ingredient constant.
So just to kind of reiterate this because it can be confusing.
Here we define a unique identifier for this action.
Then we create a class where we take advantage of this unique identifier by assigning it to the type
and by making sure that this class may have a pilot payload.
And then we simply bundle all types in a shopping list actions type here which will become more important
later in the reducers we know that the action will be one of these bundled types and we can then check
the individual types by using this string because that is what we assign to type here.
So now we know we want to add an ingredient and we know we have a payload.
So now we can simply access action payload here without getting an error.
Now that was quite complicated.
Just to add a new ingredient to the array.
But the cool thing about using reducers and NDR X in general is that once you get the basic set up and
we're still in this part unfortunately once you have it set up it's super easy to work with it and you
can quickly change and adjust stuff.
So with that we got our producer almost finished our add another case here.
The default case for now we should do this inside the switch statement though default and it's in the
default case where I want to return just to state.
Now with that I got the reducer finished.
We get some actions.
Now it's time to register this reducer in our app so that we can actually use it and it's time to also
make sure or to also add the well possibility of dispatching an action.
Let's work on these steps next.